
eclipse:
In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE).
It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing 
the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop
applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to
develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, 
COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, 
Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, 
Scheme, and Erlang. It can also be used to develop packages for the software
Mathematica. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development
tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for 
PHP, among others.


Dev-C++:
Dev-C++ is a free integrated development environment (IDE) distributed under the GNU 
General Public License for programming in C and C++. MinGW, a free compiler, is bundled
with it. The IDE is written in Delphi.The project is hosted by SourceForge. Dev-C++ was 
originally developed by programmer Colin Laplace. Dev-C++ runs exclusively on Microsoft
Windows.

NetBeans:
NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java,
but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an
application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other
platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

Xcode:
Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software 
development tools developed by Apple for developing software for OS X and iOS. First 
released in 2003, the latest stable release is version 6.1 and is available via the 
Mac App Store free of charge for Mac OS X Lion, OS X Mountain Lion, OS X Mavericks 
and OS X Yosemite users. Registered developers can download preview releases and 
previous versions of the suite through the Apple Developer website. However, Apple
recently made a beta version of version 6.x of the software available to those of the
public with Apple Developer accounts.

KDevelop:
KDevelop is a free software integrated development environment (IDE) for the KDE 
Platform on Unix-like computer operating systems. KDevelop includes no compiler;
instead, it uses an external compiler such as GCC to produce executable code.
The current version, 4.7.0, was officially released on 13 September 2014, 
and will be the last version to use Qt 4 and KDElibs 4, as the next major 
release will rely on Qt 5 and KDE Frameworks 5.[3] It builds on KDE 
Platform 4 technology and supports C, C++, PHP, and Python development